[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo
trapped the kingdom inside
a barrier known as
the "Birdcage"
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[BELLAMY]
I can't go on like this.
I have to settle things!
[LUFFY]
"A United Front!
Luffy's Breakthrough
to the Victory!"
[DOFLAMINGO]
How strange.
To be feeling sentimental
at a time like this.
Why did you come here?
I don't suppose you're
going to tell me
you killed Straw Hat
like I asked?
Why did you send
Dellinger to take me out?
Was he really doing that
on your order like he said?
Come on. It's obvious.
Is there any hope...
for me to join you?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] You really
want me to spell it out for you?
All right.
[DOFLAMINGO] Your purpose has
never been the same as mine.
Even from the start.
[DOFLAMINGO]
For example, you always wanted
to be a pirate, right?
Me, not so much.
The methods didn't matter.
For what?
For the only thing I care about.
Destroying this world.
[chuckles]
[LUFFY yelling]
Outta the way,
I'm comin' through!
You're the one
in my way. Move.
What's that?
I'm taking down Dofloamingo.
Back off, both of you!
I'm paying back
my debt to Straw Hat
and kicking Doflamingo's ass.
All on my own!
[SULEIMAN]
Get out of my way, child.
I'm in quite the hurry.
[squeals, laughs]
Really? You think
I'm just a child?
"Suleiman the Beheader"!
Doesn't that sound scary!
[SULEIMAN]
He's fast!
[DELLINGER squeals] So how many
heads have you taken?
A hundred? A thousand?
[DELLINGER laughs]
[SULEIMAN]
Show off all you like,
but I'm not going to
lose sight of you.
If I recall, you were
a war executioner, right?
[DELLINGER laughs]
[SULEIMAN]
His leg muscles look strong.
And since he's
wearing high heels,
I think I know his specialty.
I love executions, too, y'know!
He's a kicker!
[laughs]
[DELLINGER] Aw, what a shame.
It's over already.
[gasps]
Damn it.
The Executives are here.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES cheering]
[laughs] Send whoever you
like! It's too late now!
I got a debt to repay
and I'm gonna do it!
It's that Happosui
Army guy, Chin Jao!
Let's get that bounty!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Yeah!
[CHIN JAO]
Ha! It's futile.
[CHIN JAO grunts]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Onward! Looks like I'll
be reaching the third level
before anyone else!
[CHIN JAO] Hm? What are these
strange, bulbous masses?
[GLADIUS]
Careful, it's not safe there.
Mine... Pop!
[CHIN JAO screams]
[BOO]
Grandpa! I'm on my way!
[MACHVISE]
Da-een! Floaty, floaty.
Ten-Ton Vise!
[MACHVISE laughs]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D cackles]
Yeah! Suck on that!
The Family Executives
are gonna brutalize you!
[LAO G chuckles]
It's not that we're too strong,
it's that they are gutless.
And that's with a capital G!
Can it, you old fart!
[LAO G]
G!
[LAO G grunting]
[ORLUMBUS]
Stop that!
Sucker!
You losers aren't
going anywhere now!
[DAGAMA]
I got you!
[BABY 5]
Armsmorphosis!
Revolver Leg!
[TOWNSWOMAN A] Darling. I'm
begging you, don't do this.
[TOWNSMAN A]
This is a nightmare.
This is the last thing
I would ever want.
You know this isn't me!
[TOWNSMAN A] I'm trying,
but I can't fight Doflamingo.
[TOWNSMAN A] I've lost control.
Forget about me!
Run away! Hurry!
[sobs] Please, no. Stop.
Okay, go!
[TOWNSMAN C]
Bring the rope, quick!
And treat him!
He's been shot!
Time to put out the fire. Ready?
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
I'm sorry. Thank you!
You saved me!
I was about to
kill my own family!
I'd rather die!
[cries]
Once wasn't enough?
You'd cause the
same tragedy again
for your own hubris, Doflamingo?
[USOPP] As long as our
Captain's here to help,
everything'll work out.
[TOWNSMAN E]
I saw Rebecca float down.
She and the others were
somewhere up there.
[TOWNSMAN F gasps]
Is that King Riku?
What? Let me see!
[TOWNSMAN E gasps] That guy
with the huge bounty!
[TOWNSMAN A] I set the
town on fire! I'm sorry!
I cut up my own best friend!
So did I! It was awful!
Nobody blames you for this.
You're a victim.
We all know this is
Doflamingo's work.
We gotta bring an end to
this sadistic game somehow.
[TOWNSMAN F]
Hey!
I was looking around
and found King Riku!
And he's got that Five-star
God Usopp guy with him!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
All right. Let's do it.
[TOWNSMAN D] Right, but we're
only capturing them. Understand?
Uh-huh. There's been
enough killing today!
Let's put an end to this!
[TOWNSMAN D] Move in quick,
then take King Riku
and God Usopp as hostages.
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
Then we can use them to lure in
the others with star bounties.
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
Tell everyone you can!
We'll all come together
at the Old King's Plateau.
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
[USOPP]
Hm?
[gasps]
Surround both the targets
and don't let them get away!
This is it. We're ending
the game right now!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
[gasps]
[KIN'EMON]
Kanjuro! I beseech you!
Reveal your location!
It is your friend Kin'emon!
I have come down here
to retrieve you! Come out!
[growling]
[TOWNSMAN M]
There it goes again.
Sounds like some
kind of monster.
[TOWNSMAN N] That's so creepy!
Where is it coming from?
[TOWNSMAN O]
Sounds close!
[TOWNSMAN P] You don't think
it's a ghost, do you?
[growling]
Who's there?
I shall seek you out!
Huh? Wait! Could it be?
Everybody, be quiet, please!
[growling]
Ah-ha!
[SMILE OVERSEER C]
What are you lazy bugs doing?
-[thud]
-[DWARF A groans]
Did you idiots
knock over this SAD tank?
It's spilling everywhere!
C'mon! Pick it up!
[DWARF A]
Are you okay?
It wasn't us!
There was an earthquake
out of the blue
and then before we knew it,
the tank fell flat!
[DWARF C]
We promise!
[DWARF D] Did something
cause that earthquake?
Shut your hole!
You don't need to
worry about that stuff!
-[DWARF D] But...
-Come on, guys!
You wanna cure Princess
Mansherry's illness or not?
What if she dies? Huh?
Of course we want to save her!
How is she? We haven't
heard in a while!
[BOTH]
Uh...
I'm sorry to say
that the princess
isn't getting any better at all!
[SMILE OVERSEER A]
Not at all!
[DWARVES]
What?!
'Kay, guys.
Everybody ready to go?
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
Let's do it!
Please, sir. Let us see
the princess, just once!
[SMILE OVERSEER C]
You're such a little nuisance!
Shut up and get to work!
[CHAO groans]
Huh?
Those SMILES aren't
gonna make themselves,
so stop gawking or you're
all gonna get the whip!
Are you listening to me?
Am I not speaking loud
enough, you dimwits?
Quit zoning out!
What's wrong with you?
[DWARF A]
Those letters, they're--
[CHAO]
The Pink Bees!
[DWARF A]
Bian!
[CHAO]
Inhel! Wicka!
[DWARF C]
Bomba! Cotton!
[DWARF E]
Our friends!
[INHEL]
Good, they noticed us, Bian!
Roger that! Okay, team.
The next message!
[whistle blows]
[DWARF A gasps]
"We got fooled"?
[DWARF C]
I don't understand.
[SMILE OVERSEER C]
If you won't listen,
I'm gonna make the
whip do the talking!
[DWARF A]
Fooled about the princess?
Fooled about her illness?
[DWARF C] Doflamingo has been
lying to keep us trapped here?
[DWARVES]
"Fight"?
All right, I got no choice
but to beat it into you!
[DWARF A]
I don't know what's going on,
but there's one
thing I'm sure of.
[SMILE OVERSEER D yells]
My friends wouldn't lie!
[SMILE OVERSEER C yells]
-[CHAO] Shut up!
-[DWARF A] Underling!
[DWARVES cheer]
[ORLUMBUS]
Commodore Hug!
Guff! With a capital G!
[MACHVISE]
You got another one come-een!
This one'll do you een for sure!
Ten-Ton Vise!
[SAI]
Are you okay?
Hey, Grandpa?
I'm fine! And hopping mad!
[GLADIUS]
Mine Pop.
[CHIN JAO groans]
[GLADIUS] Not safe there,
either. Over there, too.
[DELLINGER grunts]
I won? Boring!
I wanted to see more of the
Long Leg Tribe's famous kicks.
Real pity.
[IDEO]
Destruction Cannon!
Ideo?
[DELLINGER laughs]
Too slow!
You guys are hilarious!
You should try
getting into comedy!
Hmph. Never mind getting there
first-- We gotta fight to win.
Yeah.
Armsmorphosis! Revolver Girl!
[gasps]
[ELIZABELLO yells]
Lite version, King Punch!
Dagama. If we don't
figure out something quick,
we're gonna lose!
[LUFFY yelling]
It's Straw Hat!
[yells]
[DAGAMA] Time to show my genius
as a military tactician!
Doflamingo's up at the
top of this place, right?
Cabbage! You trying
to get in my way again?
[CAVENDISH]
Not this time. Hop on.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[CAVENDISH]
Not my first choice,
but I've decided
to give you a ride.
Are you serious?
You need to get to Doflamingo
quickly, don't you?
[LUFFY] All right!
Let's get going! Ride!
Would a small hint of
gratitude kill you?
Just make the horse go!
Don't tell me what
to do! Let's go, Farul.
[FARUL neighs]
[CAVENDISH] Listen,
if the Executives catch us,
we'll be stuck here for ages.
I'll cut through the wall
and make a path.
You knock the enemies
out of our way.
[LUFFY]
Got it!
[CAVENDISH] We'll push through
to the third level in one shot.
Hey! When the hell did we
pick up an extra passenger?
Oh, hey, Soldier.
[CAVENDISH]
What are you doing on my horse?
Riding. I followed
Luffyland's trail
and it brought me here.
I see.
That's only logical,
since he was clearing a path.
Wait! Get off!
Lucky break!
I was looking for you!
I don't care if you're friends--
Four's too many!
We're gonna meet up with
Rebecca after we go up a level.
Rebecca's in enemy territory?
You didn't stop her?
Don't ignore me!
She's headed up the to
the Sunflower Field
to deliver a key to me.
But she's on the wanted list--
What if somebody captures her?
[LUFFY] Don't worry! My friends
are there to protect her.
[CAVENDISH] Listen,
my elegant steed can't maintain
its elegance with four
people on its back!
[LAW] It was more comfortable
riding on the bull.
By the way, Pops, why did you
take off in such a hurry before?
My goal in this is
the same as yours.
I must liberate this kingdom
and beat Doflamingo
as swiftly as possible!
But there's one more thing.
A personal matter
that I must settle.
A Top Executive that I must
kill with my own two hands.
That's fine. But don't
die trying, okay?
[KYROS]
Of course not!
I won't be defeated
with my true body!
Okay, then!
Not okay. Get off!
Why don't you get off?
This is my horse!
You're the worst of the
whole Worst Generation!
Watch where you're going!
We're gonna crash! Look!
[CAVENDISH] Like I said,
don't tell me what to do!
-Huh?
-What's that?
[KYROS]
Huh?
We've got this! Go on ahead!
We'll keep 'em busy,
Straw Hat--don't worry!
They're a team
all of a sudd-een!
They were one step away from
fighting each other
a second ago!
[LUFFY] That's cool,
but what's going on here?
You're friends, now?
[laughs] I'm a famous
tactician! And this is war!
I helped them realize we need
each other to grasp victory!
Dagama may be a rat,
but his plan makes sense.
Our best bet is to
help Straw Hat win.
So get moving!
[HAJRUDIN]
You take out the boss,
we'll keep the Executives busy!
Get him there, Cavendish,
and make it quick!
I see. So I've been
reduced to a chauffeur!
Don't give 'em an inch!
You ready?
[FARUL neighs]
[LUFFY laughs] This is
getting fun! Let's go!
[NARRATOR] The motley crew
of fighters allows Luffy
to advance towards the palace.
Meanwhile, Kin'emon reunites
with his long-lost friend,
Kanjuro, another Samurai
from the Land of Wano.
As the duo plans an escape
from the underground junkyard,
Kanjuro uses a strange power
that truly defies explanation!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Second Samurai!
Evening Shower
Kanjuro Appears!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!